# Sprint-Review-and-Retrospective

  Interpeting user needs is important in development. A final product that requires extensive knowledge of computers to use can be unusable in less tech savy users. This can sink products and ensuring that what the users want is developed is important, just as ensuring they can use what is developed. User stories are extrememly important to integrate into the developmental process. Knowint what users want and expect coming directly from testers and potential users is really the best way to ensure that the product will be developed in the right direction and what has been made already is what is expected. Ensuring these user stories are in a simplified and readable format for developers is important as well.
  Approaching developing programs can be made much easier by proper planning and thought put into the process of developing software. Doing things in a proper order with a polished well tested final product in mind is neccesary. Creating a product that is meant for users, and not for developers is a must. This incorporates user stories and extensive research into what is needed. Using proper AGILE proccesses like daily scrum meetings, breaking into properly sized groups and incorporating proper communication between all the different groups and roles within the team. I can use these methods in the future when working on projects to ensure well polished, well thought out, and user tested products are released exclusivly.
  Being a good team member in a software devlopment team means to not be an individual developer, but to be a branch of a much bigger process. Ensuring that work aligns with the larger picture and standard practices are used as well as proper comments will ensure that work is usable, optimized and helpful to the overall project, instead of just working well for the indidual branch, it will help out the tree.
